Update _nfs.rst (#290)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/installguide/management-server/_nfs.rst

         chkconfig rpcbind on
         reboot

>    #. The command chkconfig is no longer available in Ubuntu, to check if the nfs service has been running, use following command, if you see words like *nfsd*, the service has been started succcessfully:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. The command chkconfig is no longer available on Ubuntu systems. To check if the nfs service has been running, use following command, if you see words like *nfsd*, the service has been started successfully:
```
I also sugest adding the version of ubuntu from which it is no longer available
